DOCS-2382: Add and update CWS rules (#11444)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/cloud_workload_security/workload_security_rules.md

Approvers are generally more powerful and preferred. Using approvers, the Agent can process only what it needs to see rather than dynamically learning what to filter out.

## Add and update rules

To receive the latest bundled CWS rules, [upgrade the Datadog Agent][3].

> To manually add or update rules, load a new `default.policy` file to the Agent. Follow the instructions below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually add or update rules, load a new `default.policy` file to the Agent. 

Follow the instructions below:
```

> 1. Navigate to the [Rules page][4] in Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Datadog, navigate to the [**Rules** page][4].
```

> 2. Click **New Rule** button in the top right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **New Rule** in the top right.
```

> 3. Select **Workload Security** under rule types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select **Workload Security** under **Rule types**.
```

    {{< img src="security_platform/cws/workload_security_rules/create_cws_rule.png" alt="Configuring a new Cloud Workload Security rule with rule type as Workload Security" >}}

> 4. Enter the rule in the Expression field using [Datadog Security Language (SECL)][5]. A rule can have multiple Agent expressions combined with boolean logic (`||`, `&&`). You can also change the *counter*, *group by* and *roll-up* window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enter the rule in the **Expression** field using [Datadog Security Language (SECL)][5]. A rule can have multiple Agent expressions combined with boolean logic (`||`, `&&`). You can also change the **counter**, **group by**, and **roll-up** window.
```

    {{< img src="security_platform/cws/workload_security_rules/define_runtime_expression.png" alt="Adding a rule to the expression field" >}}

> 5. Define the logic for when this rule triggers a security signal. For example, `a>0` means a security signal triggers as long as the rule condition set in step 4 is met at least once in the sliding time window. Select a severity to associate the rule with and select all relevant parties you to notify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Define the logic for when this rule triggers a security signal. For example, `a>0` means a security signal triggers as long as the rule condition set in Step 4 is met at least once in the sliding time window. Select a severity to associate the rule with and select all relevant parties you want to notify.
```

    {{< img src="security_platform/cws/workload_security_rules/rule_cases.png" alt="Setting a rule trigger, severity, and notification" >}}

> 6. Name the rule and add the actual notification message in markdown format. It is recommended to include a remediation runbook in the body. As noted in the template, use substitution variables to dynamically generate contextualized content at runtime. After the message, add multiple tags to give more context to the signals generated by your custom rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Name the rule and add the actual notification message in Markdown format. Datadog recommends including a remediation runbook in the body. As noted in the template, use substitution variables to dynamically generate contextualized content at runtime. After the message, add multiple tags to give more context to the signals generated by your custom rule.
```

> 7. Save the rule. This automatically navigates you back to the main Rules page. Click the **Download Workload Security Policy** button in the top right corner to download a `default.policy` file to your local machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Save the rule. This automatically navigates you back to the main **Rules** page. Click **Download Workload Security Policy** in the top right corner to download a `default.policy` file to your local machine.
```

Complete the remaining steps based on your environment:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Host" %}}

> 8. Copy the `default.policy` file over to the target host, in the `{$DD_AGENT}/runtime-security.d` folder. Ensure the file minimally has `read` and `write` access for the `dd-agent` user on the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Copy the `default.policy` file over to the target host in the `{$DD_AGENT}/runtime-security.d` folder. Ensure the file minimally has `read` and `write` access for the `dd-agent` user on the host.
```

    **Note:** This may require use of a utility such as SCP or FTP.

9. Restart the [Datadog Agent][1].

[1]: /agent/guide/agent-commands/?tab=agentv6v7#restart-the-agent
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Helm" %}}

8. Create a configmap containing `default.policy`. For example, `kubectl create configmap jdefaultpol --from-file=default.policy`.

> 9. Add the configMap (`jdefaultpol`) into values.yaml, `datadog.securityAgent.runtime.policies.configMap`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Add the configMap (`jdefaultpol`) into `values.yaml` with `datadog.securityAgent.runtime.policies.configMap`:
```

    ```yaml
    securityAgent:
      compliance:
        # [...]
      runtime:
        # datadog.securityAgent.runtime.enabled
        # Set to true to enable Security Runtime Module
        enabled: true
        policies:
          # datadog.securityAgent.runtime.policies.configMap
          # Place custom policies here
    configMap: *jdefaultpol*
      syscallMonitor:
        # datadog.securityAgent.runtime.syscallMonitor.enabled
        # Set to true to enable Syscall monitoring.
        enabled: false
    ```

> 10. Upgrade the helm chart with the following command: `helm upgrade <RELEASENAME> -f values.yaml --set datadog.apiKey=<APIKEY> datadog/datadog`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Upgrade the helm chart with `helm upgrade <RELEASENAME> -f values.yaml --set datadog.apiKey=<APIKEY> datadog/datadog`.
```

>     **Note:** If you need to make further changes to `default.policy` you can either use `kubectl edit cm jdefaultpol` or replace the configMap with  `kubectl create configmap jdefaultpol --from-file default.policy -o yaml --dry-run=client | kubectl replace -f -`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note:** If you need to make further changes to `default.policy`, you can either use `kubectl edit cm jdefaultpol` or replace the configMap with  `kubectl create configmap jdefaultpol --from-file default.policy -o yaml --dry-run=client | kubectl replace -f -`.
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> 

Reviewer: @sarina-dd do you intend on adding a Further Reading section to this page?

Author: Good catch! Let's leave this as-is for now, and once we roll out the new auto-generated CWS rules page, I'll add a further reading section with a link to that page.
